The twenty-ninth Buddha.

   The java master Bazen was called to deliver the final verdict on two young
coder monks, who were caught fighting on the square before the Iron Bones' 
temple.

   He instantly delivered a punishment fitting the crime: "You are going to 
write, in binary, a COBOL compiler with operator overloading and have it 
accepted by the COBOL Task Group as the reference implementation. Deliver it 
tomorrow evening. I will grant you some leeway on the comittee's acceptance: for
that you will have a day extra."

   The two youngsters rocked back on their heels. The dumbest of the two then 
inquired wether the master could also settle their dispute: wether or not to use
camel-casing.

   "I believe the twenty-ninth Buddha, Lao Tzu, holied be his name, was again
suffering from a serious hangover from that Finish wodka of his, when he wrote 
'Hungarian notation is brain damaged. The compiler knows the types anyway and 
can check those, and it only confuses the programmer'. It's not about the 
compiler but about the coder. We, humble mortals, are limited in our 
possibilities to obtain information from code. All-lower-case code can only be
understood by reading from the begining untill the end. The only help we have is
indentation. A human mind does not work that way. 'Where is the heart of this
function, what does it do?', 'Where is that object defined', 'What's this 
parameter? A struct, an int, function or macro?' You go looking for definitions 
and since they can be anywhere (Thanks, Bao Shinzen!), you browse, you look for 
something similar, something that stands out. And since our minds can easily do 
something like 'Ok, now focus on uppercase... ok, found, now focus on purple', 
we should use that. Use it, as anything that can help us understand code faster 
in only the slightest way, should be profitted from untill blood drips from it. 
And if you don't like it: turn it of. As on the camel-casing: however unlikely, 
maybe you will in the future initiate a project on which you can decide on the 
style guide. Choose wisely. Untill then: follow the one of the project."

   The master had actually turned purple himself when he finished. "Now I am 
going to adjust your penance. Implement a multiplatform -and yes, I do mean 
Windows too!- graphical code editor with preprocessor, syntax, type and object 
coloring, able to differentiate on standard, library, project, file and local 
kinds and key bindings for vi, emacs and brief. All of them, and by tomorrow 
morning!" 

   When they fled his office they heard him muttering something about a 
"... serious case of cargo culting ...", but they didn't understand.
